README.md, before:

[![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@gnosis.pm/dex-react.svg?style=flat)](https://npmjs.org/package/@gnosis.pm/dex-react 'View this project on npm')
&nbsp;
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/gnosis/dex-react.svg?branch=develop)](https://travis-ci.org/gnosis/dex-react)
&nbsp;
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/gnosis/dex-react/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/gnosis/dex-react?branch=master)

Develop:
&nbsp;
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/gnosis/dex-react.svg?branch=develop)](https://travis-ci.org/gnosis/dex-react)
&nbsp;
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/gnosis/dex-react/badge.svg?branch=develop)](https://coveralls.io/github/gnosis/dex-react?branch=develop)

# Gnosis Protocol Web

<img align="right" width="350" src="./docs/screenshot.png">

`Gnosis Protocol Web` is the first dapp built on the [Gnosis Protocol](https://docs.gnosis.io/protocol).

Gnosis Protocol is a fully permissionless DEX that enables ring trades to maximize liquidity.

`Gnosis Protocol Web` allows users to:

- Create orders in [Gnosis Protocol](https://docs.gnosis.io/protocol)
- See the balances for any token: available in their wallet and on the exchange
- Deposit and withdraw tokens to/from the exchange wallet

## 📚 Wiki

Learn more about Gnosis Protocol Web in the [wiki](https://github.com/gnosis/dex-react/wiki).

## 🏃‍♀️ Run it locally

```bash
# Install dependencies (we use Yarn but NPM should work too)
yarn

# Start dev server in http://localhost:8080
yarn start
```

Open http://localhost:8080 in your browser.

## 👷‍♀️Build app

```bash
yarn build
```

Static files will be generated inside the `./dist` dir.

## 🧪 Run tests

```bash
yarn test
```

## 🍴Fork it

**Gnosis Protocol Web** can be forked, this way any project can use its own token list, rebrand it, add new pages or modify the existing ones.

Read more [here](https://github.com/gnosis/dex-react/wiki/Fork-project).

## 🎩 Customizing components

**Gnosis Protocol Web** allows to redefine any React component, so you can add new pages, modify the existing ones, or modify the layout and styles.

Learn about customizing components [here](https://github.com/gnosis/dex-react/wiki/Customize-Components).

## 🦺 Testnet faucets

Test faucets allow to get some tokens for using them in a testnet.

Gnosis Protocol is deployed and fully functional in Rinkeby testnet.

Read more [here](https://github.com/gnosis/dex-react/wiki/Testnet-faucets).

Commit message:

updated README to add compatible networks and URLs to wiki

README.md, after:

[![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@gnosis.pm/dex-react.svg?style=flat)](https://npmjs.org/package/@gnosis.pm/dex-react 'View this project on npm')
&nbsp;
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/gnosis/dex-react.svg?branch=develop)](https://travis-ci.org/gnosis/dex-react)
&nbsp;
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/gnosis/dex-react/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/gnosis/dex-react?branch=master)

Develop:
&nbsp;
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/gnosis/dex-react.svg?branch=develop)](https://travis-ci.org/gnosis/dex-react)
&nbsp;
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/gnosis/dex-react/badge.svg?branch=develop)](https://coveralls.io/github/gnosis/dex-react?branch=develop)

# Gnosis Protocol Web

<img align="right" width="350" src="./docs/screenshot.png">

`Gnosis Protocol Web` is the first dapp built on the [Gnosis Protocol](https://docs.gnosis.io/protocol).

Gnosis Protocol is a fully permissionless DEX that enables ring trades to maximize liquidity.

`Gnosis Protocol Web` allows users to:

- Create orders in [Gnosis Protocol](https://docs.gnosis.io/protocol)
- See the balances for any token: available in their wallet and on the exchange
- Deposit and withdraw tokens to/from the exchange wallet

## 📚 Wiki

Learn more about Gnosis Protocol Web in the [wiki](https://github.com/gnosis/dex-react/wiki).

## 🏃‍♀️ Run it locally

```bash
# Install dependencies (we use Yarn but NPM should work too)
yarn

# Start dev server in http://localhost:8080
yarn start
```

Open http://localhost:8080 in your browser.

## 👷‍♀️Build app

```bash
yarn build
```

Static files will be generated inside the `./dist` dir.

## 🧪 Run tests

```bash
yarn test
```

## 🍴Fork it

**Gnosis Protocol Web** can be forked, this way any project can use its own token list, rebrand it, add new pages or modify the existing ones.

Read more [here](https://github.com/gnosis/dex-react/wiki/Fork-project).

## 🎩 Customizing components

**Gnosis Protocol Web** allows to redefine any React component, so you can add new pages, modify the existing ones, or modify the layout and styles.

Learn about customizing components [here](https://github.com/gnosis/dex-react/wiki/Customize-Components).

## 🖧 Supported networks
App is currently compatible with Mainnet, Rinkeby, and xDAI. Please refer to the [wiki](https://github.com/gnosis/dex-react/wiki#-compatible-networks) for further information.

## 🦺 Testnet faucets

Test faucets allow to get some tokens for using them in a testnet.

Gnosis Protocol is deployed and fully functional in Rinkeby testnet.

Read more [here](https://github.com/gnosis/dex-react/wiki/Testnet-faucets).
